hey what's up their diesel first today
question how you can find that this the
bad fuel injector so whether you have a
misfire I'm trying to see if the fuel
injector is the problem or maybe you
have a check engine light and the code
is for a open circuit or bad fuel
injector there are two ways that I do
the software can test the fuel injector
and the first method is basically a
sound test as your fuel indicative
becomes activated and then deactivated
by the post signal from your ECU if it's
working properly the needle or the
pencil that's inside this fuel injector
as it moves up and down it creates a
ticking sound so pretty much all you
have to do is just figure out a way to
check for the ticking sound that should
be coming from a good working fuel
injector with the car on and the engine
running now probably the best tool for
the job would be a mechanic stethoscope
like I got here and you can get this at
Harbor Freight for about six or seven
bucks is there a special useful if
you're trying to check fuel injectors
that are in a hard-to-reach place
basically just have to put this on turn
on the engine and I get this end on the
base of the fuel injector and then
listen for that ticking sound now if you
don't want to go out and buy a
stethoscope you can also just use a long
screwdriver and you basically use this
in a similar fashion to the stethoscope
with the engine running you get this end
of it on the fuel injector itself and
then just put the other end to your ear
and then listen for the thinking sound
and you will hear it this will work in
fact I'm going to turn on the engine and
put the Cendant on the mic that's on
this camera and hopefully you guys can
hear through your soul
my friend is near
all right so I use variable to do the
ticking but if you read you're basically
looking for a consistent ticking sound
and you know I watching the injectors I
suspect this bad but also all the other
injectors and just compare the frequency
and the loudness of the ticking between
all the injectors and you know you know
loudness is also important because you
don't want why injector to be super loud
compared to the other ones because the
loud injector could be a sign of a bad
injector or an injector that's on its
way out and a second method for testing
your fuel injector is going to be using
a multimeter to do a resistance test and
again you can do this with any basic
multimeter and these basic multimeters
you can get them for as little as 6
bucks at Harbor Freight so what you want
to do is to put your settings to ohms
and we're going to choose 200 since our
readings are going to be way less than
that 200 so next we look into your
repair manual and look up the spec for
resistance for your fuel injectors
but generally speaking you're depending
on the type of fuel injector you have
you either your the resistance is going
to be either between 2 to 6 for 12 to 16
ohms uh for each injector also something
else we can do is just check all of your
injectors and just look for the odd one
out like if they all of them have about
13 ohms of resistance and one has about
like 45 where no resistance at all then
you've probably found your problem now
don't expect for these injectors but
we'll do a bunch of them and then
compare them so here on this first one
we got about fifteen point three you get
fifteen point three on this one to get
also fifteen point all fifteen point two
15.2 on this one as well all right so as
you saw all of them have pretty much the
same resistance so I would say all these
injectors would pass the resistance test
alright so the two tests that I do this
offer at home can perform to see whether
that they have a bad fuel injector or
not but before you condemn a fuel
injector and try to replace it
especially if it maybe failed the
ticking sound test but past the
resistance test you want to make sure
that that injector is actually receiving
your post signal from you ECU to be
activated because if it's not receiving
voltage or the pulse signal it's just
not going to be activated it's not going
to make the ticking sound and the way
you do this is you want to remove the
connector that's for your fuel injector
then while you leave is annoyed light
test kit and you can get these kits at
Harbor Freight for about 15 20 bucks and
they come you know in a box with bunch
of different one small different makes
and models and then you attach these
lights to the connectors for your fuel
injector then with the engine running or
the car cranking the signal that's being
sent to the fuel injector will light up
these light bulbs and they'll be there
stop thinking and that's how you know
the connector the wiring and they see
you are doing their job and signals
getting to that connector for your
injector but since you're not hearing a
ticking sound from your injector maybe
it also failed the resistance test and
then you verified that that's indeed the
injector that's bad and not the
connector within your ECU or the wiring
and with that set kind of wrap this
video up but you want to make sure you
stay tuned for the next video because in
the next video I'm going to show you how
you can clean a dirty fuel injector and
you're going to be able to do this
pretty efficiently and cheaply and I'll
put a link to it right here on the side
screen if you want to check it out also
put some links to other videos I've made
on the screen that you may find
interesting so if you like this video
please give it a thumbs up and subscribe
if you want to see more like it I'll see
you expected thanks for watching